to the crossing and saw the ball in the mouth
the goal has passed alecsandro has entered everton
was knocked out
and night
to 47 in the first half and the Flemish
I needed a little help so I
turn more excited the first time
Flamengo can close the first half
with 1 to 0 in full encounter with curitiba
alecsandro prepared fancies old boy
Sunday captain the referee will authorize
easy smile and help
plate and rotated
joel
according to Fábregas' the man did not organize
the show making a penalty kick with violence
they are stealing stop
studied dance number 1 alessandro shirt
19 i am the water curitiba cheap guaratuba
Sunday the leather eats in the maracana
the score at 48 timing flamengo negão
Flemish queridão super idácio verdão
A scream to 0
To eduardo da silva sunday by the command
in this event, note carioca dominated in the area
hit a cross in the mouth of the goal cut with
the hand a goal from laut encounter penalty
last time
new penalty
It's football game, it's not bullying, it's not
basketball handball what business is this
use it or go back
the first goal was a penalty
very clear upon weverton
now norberto has put his hand on the ball
within the penalty area prepared in addition to
This works to blow up the galley 11
minutes of complementary stage alecsandro
to ask emphatically finished although my
people
it's the goal
tomorrow is a teacher i love
the dollar to hold it
rogue love on the net in the world
but a second standard pillar of im
but it is not impossible so will the
first row the Flemish makes the second
goal to the 11 of the complementary stage this is
half goal
child caries is the vibrating marking
heap promotion alecsandro strengthens
the mass alexander this man already there
I'm curious to take the Sunday class and
forcing me to give me the leather eats
placards for the gold flamengo 2010
attacking through the player who
I already told you, I 'll go there to win.
making the intersection of band
councilman kicked the room in rolândia
the shoe dumai is you will become a warrior
the goal
the goal of flamengo explore reason 40
million dollars third goal fernando go
impossible war draws from dictionary
nasa plays outside is no corner that they deal with
of the classification the flamengo that
makes the breed expand that takes your
third goal
eduardo da silva the beast galera
it was this man eduardo da silva
strengthens the gait
he always left his eduardo's
silva branches Lala to Curitiba for
tuba barack obama is my group
maracanã and wardrobe / closet
israel flamengo mendonça trade 0
he will score the goal but the
will ask for the Flemish hymn to
conti prepará ii leaving from Flemish to
celebrate celebrate with me
kitted goalkeeper threw awaits
Judgment of the Flemish or Flemish
indignado has eliminated coritiba does not have
possible dictionary of flamengo
our nation
means kill the Flemish caught
Two strollers and more
gadgets
and elton in the house of nazaré reinventing
I 'm curious after being scared.
coming in from the Brazilian getting 20 thousand
people in the stadium
the ranger
the daughter of facts defying logic
challenges joining addendums survives
adhons pass from xavi the zé trumpet opel
at the end of Sunday the Brazilian
the Flemish would say I would have the heartbreak
deep that was missing